.SH NAME
lab 10 - delay line
.SH DESCRIPTION
I am continuing to add signal modules to signalfs copying
the implementations from stk.
Today I'm working on the delay line,
and whatever else I can implement in two hours.
.SS "2004/1006 22:25
.PP
The delay line does not fit the model of signals
I have created so far. From the STK it looks
like it is used more as a utilitly class than
a standalone filter. Its used by the echo class
which actually does the mix of the current input
with the delayed input. I could of course do
the same thing and have delay as functions
with the dsp module.
Trying to use the delay, or echo,
brings up a number of issues.
.PP
How am I going to stack multiple filters ontop
one another and still be able to ctrl each one
independently?
To access to each ctl file I'd need
to know the conversation number.
This might be tricky to find out if I have
multiple instruments each being built from
many modules.
.PP
I want to alter the effect during playback
independently of the instrument being played.
But I'm not sure how to fit it in with a simple
instrument. Where in the stack should it go?
And how will I control it if it's placed under
the instrument?
.PP
This goes back to the problem of needing 
some kind of patch bay.
Given a particular instrument we need
to now all the effects tied in to it. Then
we want to write to the ctl file of any of
them, not via the instrument but directly,
and alter the effect.
We need to remove the exclusive access
condition on the ctl, although we
could place it on data instead.
.PP
If I didn't do this I'd need a naming convention
within the ctl file that was at the end of the 
filter pipeline. But that is ridiculous because
what else am I using a fs for.
.PP
Therefore, If I put the, say, echo filter in front
of the instrument, I still send note events
to the instrument, but read sound back
from the echo data file.
.PP
Is the sequencer going to be able to
manage all this?
The skini language may have to include
naming of instruments using filenames.
That is, events are sent directed to specified
ctl files (filters, instruments) but audio
data is read from only one, the one at the end of the pipeline
(is pipeline the right term here? filter chain, patch? sink?).
.PP
We are need to specify the language and a means
for retrieving all the conversation directories for
a pipeline before going further.
.SH FILES
.A http://caerwyn.com/lab/10/delay.b delay.b
.A http://caerwyn.com/lab/10/delayl.b delayl.b
