.SH NAME
lab 8 - small update to treemap.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Tmap is a small util that takes the output of 
.B du
and presents a treemap using algorithms from UMD
.A http://www.cs.umd.edu/hcil/treemap/  HCILab
.PP
To make it a bit more useful I want to zoom into the treemap
and zoom out again.
Button one selects a rectangle highlights it and
it's path and presents information about the path
and file sizes.
Button two zooms one level into the selected
area, where the mouse clicked.
Button three zooms out one level.
.PP
This was easy to add using Tk. I bind a command
to the mouse events and send a message down a channel.
On receiving the message I change the root of the tree, 
regenerate the layout and redraw the rectangles.
.SH CONCLUSION
I find this a useful tool to find patterns 
in disk usage, such as large or duplicate files.
Often the file hierachies are very deep,
and so drilling down interactively is great.
.PP
I should re-implement this by drawing directly on
an image instead of using Tk. I seem to be running
out of memory using Tk because I am not keeping
track of the Tk tags when creating new rectangles,
and I'm creating so many of them. It may also
be faster, but I don't know.
.PP
There is a bug in the squarified view where the directory
is rendered as if it is a file, using the totalsize of all sub elements.
I haven't found what causes this. The other views seem okay.
.PP
I think the treemap is a beautiful view of the filesystem.
I'd like to put it to more use. 
.PP
In a collaborative environment
the treemap of a filesystem is a shared map of the system. The rectangles,
which represent files, are color coded for the users who have them open. 
This could fit in as an engine to spree, or collab.
We'd need to monitor all styx messages,
similar to Styxmon.
.PP
The prog device shows all files open and process activity.
Processes might also be presented as a treemap.
.PP
The treemap could then be made more interactive.
Files are plumbed, to open and edit them.
The files are annotated and new annotations
are seen by all users of the treemap.
.PP
This looks like a good excuse to play with spree.
.SH FILES
.A http://caerwyn.com/lab/8/tmap.b tmap.b
.A http://caerwyn.com/lab/8/treemap.b treemap.b
.A http://caerwyn.com/lab/8/treemap.m treemap.m
.SH REFERENCES
UMD HCI Lab
.A http://www.cs.umd.edu/hcil HCIL
